Keltis is a multiplayer game meant for 2 - 4 people.
The players take turns in the following order: Sort by the recency of your visit to the country of Ireland.
Meaning the one who was most recently in Ireland, starts and is Player 1.
Otherwise the oldest player begins.
You have 55 chips divided into five colors: brown, yellow, pink, green and blue.
During the game the players reveal the chips with the objective of having as many chips of a given color as possible.
A player has a decision to make. Either they take a previously revealed chip or they reveal an uncovered chip themselves.
If they choose the latter, then they have two more options:
 - Either they leave the chip uncovered in the pile, ending their turn.
 - Or they take the chip and put it in the stack that has the same color in it, ending their turn.

You have some on which chips you can take. The first chip of a given color can always be taken.
As soon as you take the second chip, you decide for a direction to play in. If the second chip has a higher value than the first chip,
then all subsequent chips of that color have to have a higher value than your most recent chip of that color.
The same applies for when the second chip has a lower value than the first chip.
In that case every subsequent chip of that color has to have a lower value than the most recent chip.
The longer the color rows are, the more points you get.
There are three special bonuses that may be attached to a chip:
The clover: If you picked a chip with a clover next to the number, then you can make another turn.
Wish stone: At the end, your amount of Wish stones is counted.
            You could even be penalized with minus points for having too few at the end of the game
Bonus points: Next to the value of the chip, there may be another number that shows how many bonus points you will get.
              Those are just added to your total points.

Just like with Wish stones, at the end the length of each of your color rows is counted.
If a given color length is greater than 0 but lower than 3, you also get minus points for that.
To the right, you can view how many points you get or lose for a given length or Wish stone amount.
Alternatively you can pause the game with the pause button and then the distribution also appears on the screen.
The player with the most points wins.

Have Fun!